feat: use docker for spinning up the demo db (#53)
payloadcms/plugin-form-builder: README.md

   This repo includes a fully working, self-seeding instance of Payload that installs the plugin directly from the source code. This is the easiest way to get started. To spin up this demo, follow these steps:

   1. First clone the repo

>    1. Then, `cd YOUR_PLUGIN_REPO && yarn && cd demo && cp .env.example .env && yarn`

Author: Btw.: cp `.env.example` instead of `cp env.example`

>    1. Start the database - You can use docker `cd YOUR_PLUGIN_REPO/demo && docker compose up` or a locally installed mongodb instance.

Reviewer: Need to capitalize the plural nouns here, but also bullet 2 already instructs the user to `cd` into the demo directory so no need for that.
```suggestion
   1. Start the database - You can either use Docker `docker compose up` or a locally installed MongoDB instance
```

>    1. Start payload `cd YOUR_PLUGIN_REPO/demo && yarn dev`

Reviewer: Need to capitalize `Payload` here but also the user is already in the demo directory, so we can simply run `yarn dev` at this step.

```suggestion
   1. Start Payload `yarn dev`
```
